>> Will Sentance: So we definitely
improved our accuracy, fantastic, but
something's up.
Well, before we go into what's up,
first, figuring out learning
our multipliers with a larger sample,
we used independent checks.
Independent means take just one of these.
These are all zero, remember, and
when let's just try tweaking this one up.
Did it make it net better?
More conversions correctly.
Converter work better.
Kayla's nodding.
It definitely did.
Then we tried tweaking this one up.
Did it make it net better?
Did it make more conversions ff we had
this as a higher number than zero?
>> Will Sentance: It did not.
Kayla is showing her head, and
exactly right, it did not.
So we said, okay, decrease the number
there, decrease the weight.
We then Jamie spotted for
our bottom left corner here.
Did it work better, up or down?
And Jamie did a quick calculation holding
everything else at zero and
went okay, if that one's negative.
Well, I think Jamie probably
spotted the mirror the reflection.
But if that one's negative,
that one's negative, that's good.
If they're all zeros converting and
that one's negative that's better.
And then this one doesn't matter and
this one's would be making it worse
conversion, the negative one here,
but two out of four and one no change
improves the overall conversion.
As Jamie said.
Then we did the other three, but
we just kind of, I told you that that's
the direction to go for each of those.
All we did was exactly the same step,
the same step we did here, here, here.
We did it for these three.
Always holding constant all the other
weights, all the other multipliers.
But that surely can't be possible to then,
having said, the best direction to go for
if everything's zero, and
we increase this one to one,
it converts more of our sample correctly,
therefore and then do that for
this one, do that for this one, and
then do them all at the same time.
Surely it won't work.
It worked for one by itself, and
it worked for this one by itself but
that was going down when
everything else is zero,
not when everything else
has also been changed.
Surely we can't check the impact of each
weight change independent like that and
then apply it all together and
yet we can and
it's absolutely mission-critical to
finding the right multipliers for
any degree of size of sample
that we are able to do that.
If we keep our tweaks small
enough we can for two reasons.
One, we keep them small enough,
we avoid interaction effects.
Even though we checked, does increasing
this multiplier from zero to one convert
more of our sample, the one multiplied by
the one, the one multiplied by the zero,
one more by the one, one more by the one,
and everything else is zero.
Does it convert more of our sample?
Yes, okay.
Say for the middle bottom multiplier,
increase it,
then forget about it and
get everything back to zero,
including the one we just tweaked and
try tweaking this one up.
That made things worse.
So let's assume we need to tweak it down.
It could be that we need to change it,
but in fact, we checked again,
it was tweak it down.
Then the same here, then we didn't do
these ones explicitly, but then the same
here, this one would be, but always going
back to all the other ones being zero.
It turns out, though, that due to what
discipline of math where small changes and
we study how rates of change had
a reason about rates of change?
>> Speaker 2: Calculus.
>> Will Sentance: It's calculus.
This is known as partial differentiation
where we make small changes
independent of each other of
these multipliers we can
do them all together and
be confident that they are all still
in the right direction of change.
And that is absolutely mission critical
and is known as gradient descent.
Taking independent steps towards improved
conversion accuracy for our sample.
Independent steps and
then being able to do them all at once and
know that even though independently
they were the right direction, but
you're like, are they really going to
be the right direction altogether?
They will be, because of these two
things we want them to be small,
one is that avoids, it means that actually
increasing this one here from zero to one
when everything else is
zero is the right move, but
also increasing this from zero to one
when they've all had their little tweaks,
it's still the right move because the
interaction effect is sufficiently small.
As in you might be okay, the one here is
the right one to move, to increase but
when I change all these, might this
not have been right to move to one?
Maybe it should have said it's zero.
No, if a tweak is small enough, knowing
which direction to go independently,
we can then apply all at once and
get a better conversion.
We went from zero,
if you remember, to three.
And if we keep going,
maybe we'll get to four.
Well, or maybe not.
Two or b the reason we keep it
small is to prevent overshooting.
What if we had kept growing
this not to one, but to 1.1.
What would that have done to
our converted output here?
Would it have overshot and
no longer have met, met our target of one?
Machine learning is steady
incremental computer tweaking.
After this first round,
we're still not fully accurate.
So what do we do?
We do this all over again.
Starting with 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, -1,
-1, -1, -1, we will now assess
do we want to increase or decrease this
one holding all the rest of them constant?
And if we do, we'll hopefully improve our
accuracy a bit more or maybe not, and
that's gonna be a problem
we're gonna spot in a moment.